Today I am a mother
I'm going to teach you a good lesson
It is obviously a letter from the second lady
Miss
Come
Pull this bitch down and beat him to death
Ah!
You are a concubine
Where is the qualification to compensate my mother?
Humph
The master has never married me to take care of this backyard
I can't control you.
The prince has come to annul the marriage
Right in the front hall, Miss, please
You will soon be the prince's deed father
I'll see how long you can jump
Jiang Wanle
Rong'er has already told my aunt all your scandals
In vain, I don't envy you for being ugly and stupid
I want to marry you into the Eastern Palace
You cheated on an official and shot your sister
Her Royal Highness grew up in the mountains
I don't understand many things.
It's all my fault for not teaching him well
Please don't blame him.
It's so well dressed
I'm afraid I'll lose two more big teeth
If you don't admit your mistake, your aunt will annul your marriage.
Such a person doesn't deserve to be a princess
Quit my marriage
Then Gu wants to be with Rong'er
Just after three days I felt the itch
It seems that the poison on his body has started to attack